This is a pre-made framework for your R project. It has everything set up for 
you, and is ready to be linked to a github repository. It also has pre-made
folders for organizing your files to the lab standard. 


How To Use: 
  Download this from the github, and place a copy of it somewhere convenient.
  When you want to make a new R project, make a copy of this folder, and then
  name the copied folder to the name of the project, eg. "MyNewProject".
  Then, use the "new project..." function in R, select existing directory, and
  select the newly renamed directory ("MyNewProject") as the directory for it 
  to use. 


Folders: 
  /data -- This folder is for storing your raw data in (whatever you
  got from experiments, the field, downloads, ect.). This folder 
  should be treated as READ ONLY; do not modify anything in this 
  folder with your code. 
  
  /results -- This is a folder for cleaning the data and holding 
  the cleaned data. Even if you aren't cleaning your data, it's best
  practice to make a copy of it into this folder, and only refrence
  the results version in your code. That way, even if there is a
  mistake, there's no way that the original data will be overwritten.
  
  /doc -- This folder is for holding any text associated with the
  project. (This file in an exception as an instruction manual).
  
  /output -- This is a folder for holding any outputs of your code. 
  The most common exmaple of this is graphs. 
  
  /src -- This is where scripts are stored:
    
    /reu -- This folder holds any scripts which are "resuable".
    This could either be scripts you write in your project that you 
    may want to use somewhere else, or scripts from somewhere else
    you downloaded to use during the project. 
    
    /loc -- This folder holds any scripts which are "local."
    These are scripts which would only be relevant to the specific
    project they are in, and aren't going to be used anywhere else.
    
    
    
Git:
  
  gitIgnore:
  The .gitignore file is a list of any files you do NOT want uploaded
  to github. 
  This by default includes both the /data and /results directories
  (as they can be quite large). THIS MEANS THAT ANY DATA
  IN THESE FOLDERS IS NOT BEING BACKED UP TO THE CLOUD.



---- To connect this to a Github repository --- 

--Step one: turn on version control--
  In the top bar, go to Tools>Version Control>Project Setup. 
  In that window, make sure thatthe 'version control' 
  dropdown is set to "git". 
  Restart RStudio. 
  Once you have done that, the green and red symbol should appear.
  
  This step can be skipped if you are copying a local version of the folder,
  where version control was already enabled. 

--Step two: connect to online Github repository--
First, make a repository on github (online). Ask for help if you don't know how.

Once the repository has been made, in the middle there is a section
titled "...or or push an existing repository from the command line".
Copy the text from that, it should look like this: 

git remote add origin https://github.com/[yourRepositoryHere]
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main

Go into the Terminal (not console) and copy those lines into it, and
then run it. The terminal tab is directly to the right of the console
tab. 



-----Troubleshooting Git Issues----

Internal Version Control: 
  This has already been setup to do internal version control; but it
  requires git to be working on the computer. 
  You should see a green and red symbol under the "profile" listing
  in the top bar. If you do, you're good to go. 
  
  If not, make sure that you have git installed on your computer. 
  https://git-scm.com/download/win . If you have git installed, make
  sure that git is being used as the version control system. In the 
  top bar (file, edit, view, ect.), go to 
  Tools>Version Control>Project Setup. In that window, make sure that
  the 'version control' dropdown is set to "git". 
  Restart RStudio. 
  Once you have done that, the green and red symbol should appear. If
  not, ask for help. 